Satisfy your need for happiness through your own curiosity with the Ranbir show your bro, Dhruv Jarell. Like, I feel he's too calm a guy. And then his instagram profile says Mamba mentality. I'm sure he has mamba mentality. You can actually see it in his eyes when he's batting. But from seeing his demeanor, like, seeing his calmness, you wouldn't think that this guy is also crazy. What is Dhruv joral like? Dhruv is the hardest guy at practice who, like, it's hard practice. It's not like, it's not for the softies. It's like hard practice. I see. I tell you those scram things, right? That happens to him almost every practice. He's like that. He just feels happy when he works hard. If he doesn't get runs, he'll work even harder. Harder. Like, that just goes on. Even this IPL, he just kept on working. And that's been going on for the last two years. I've been in with. With him for the last two years. We share rooms, we do everything together. And I've just seen him. He's a fun guy. He's a very fun guy off the field. We go out, hang together. He loves his coffee, etcetera. But then at practice, he's just, like I said, mama mentality. Yeah. They just get shit done regardless. So, yeah, audiences are seeing it now. Yeah, that's the thing about cricket, man. Like, there's all these back stories which audiences just see after. Who's like that in terms of young players right now, who audiences haven't noticed yet, but you know, someone's going to pop. Dhruv is one who just did. Other than him, I think Abhishek, they don't know Abhishek's story yet. Both Abhishek Sharma and Porel Sharma has just popped up the season. But I think they don't know the backstory at the way he practices, the way his life is and how hard he's gone through it. He's not even. He's not brought that up, I think, yet. But then he is someone who practices really hard. Habshek Sharma, we see him flamboyant and, you know, out there, chocolate boy, chocolate boy, whatever it is. But I've seen him practice. I've seen him get hit. I've seen him get hit and then even keep on practicing. So I think, yeah, see, we consume a lot of cricket memes. I'm not talking about the trolling only, of course, that's a part of this meme culture. But there's a lot of positive cricket meme culture that comes out also. I remember the midway point of this IPL. There was a lot of indian team's future. Eleven in 2028, 2029. And it was a great lineup. It was like Yashasvi and Abhishek Sharma to open. Number three, Shubman. Number four, Riyan Parag. Number five, Nitesh Reddy. We're very excited about the guys coming through. What excited me personally was, again, a lot of all rounders, like both you and Abhishek and Bol Nitish as well. Nitish, definitely. It's very exciting to see this new crop. You're a football fan also, kind of. Okay. But for fans, when we see a lot of young players emerging together, we always see this as India fans. Honestly, there's always a new crop. But there is something special about you guys, especially from this all rounder attacking perspective. Are you guys aware of this or everyone's just carrying on quietly with their own? I think everyone's carrying on quietly. Everyone knows that we are the next punch to play for the country, etcetera, whatever it is. But then that's, I think, something for the future. If that works out how they. How these people have actually said it's gonna work out, it's great. It's gonna be great. Because all these guys, all of us, we play a different brand of cricket. You see someone's going on a hat trick ball. If it's up, he's gonna hit it for a six. It's stuff like that. We are not bothered by how the situation is. How the situation is like. And by situation, I don't mean game situation. I mean like the tense, the hype, whatever it is, we'll go on and do our own work. If I want to go and hit a six, I've gotten the ball, I'll go hit a six. Regardless of everyone moving or regardless of everyone being in a low mood or whatever it is. So I think that is going to be the x factor that changes how we play cricket. How India plays cricket, hopefully. Fearlessness. Fearlessness. Even further. Even further. I don't know if you're too young to have watched Sourav Ganguly. I watched a little bit. Little bit. What's your earliest cricket memory? I actually met him in 2008 at Eden Gardens. So I was like this watch. What's your earliest memory of watching. Watching Dada was. I just remember, I think, which World cup was it? 2007, something like that. He was just stepping out and hitting overcovers. Stepping out, hitting overcovers. Andrew Filtoff, anyone? Ashley Giles was bowling, was stepping out, hitting huge sixes. I was like, that's something different. I remember I was a kid when he got captaincy, and that was where the fearlessness began. It increased quietly with Ms. Dhoni. It increased a lot more when Kohli got captaincy. And I see you guys as like, that final form of fearlessness. If you enjoyed today's clip, make sure you check out these curated playlists that we've made especially for you related to the subject that was spoken about in this clip.